USE OF THE 1KOSMOS OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE DESCRIBED BELOW ("SOFTWARE") IS SUBJECT
TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE 1KOSMOS OPEN SOURCE PUBLIC LICENSE
SET FORTH BELOW ("LICENSE").  YOU MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE IN ANY MANNER
UNLESS YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LICENSE.  YOU INDICATE YOUR
ACCEPTANCE BY IN ANY MANNER USING (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION BY
REPRODUCING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING) THE SOFTWARE.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT
ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LICENSE, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE IN ANY
MANNER.

1Kosmos Open Source Public License version 1.0

1. General; Definitions.  This License applies only to the following software
programs:  the open source versions of 1Kosmos's Open Source helper libraries
and companion products ("Software"), which are modified versions of, with
significant changes from, the last versions made commercially available by
1Kosmos.  As used in this License:

1.1 "Covered Patents" mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor that are
necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Modification alone or when
combined with the Subject Software.

1.2 "Contributor" means Government Agency, as the developer of the Original
Software, and any entity that makes a Modification.

1.3 "Covered Code"  means the computer software first released under this
Agreement by Government Agency with Government Agency designation ______________
and entitled _____________________________________________, including source
code, object code and accompanying documentation, if any.

1.4 "Deploy" means to use, sublicense or distribute Covered Code other than
for Your internal research and development (R&D) and/or Personal Use, and
includes without limitation, any and all internal use or distribution of
Covered Code within Your business or organization except for R&D use and/or
Personal Use, as well as direct or indirect sublicensing or distribution of
Covered Code by You to any third party in any form or manner.

1.5 "Larger Work" means computer software that combines Subject Software, or
portions thereof, with software separate from the Subject Software that is
not governed by the terms of this Agreement.

1.6 "Modification" means any alteration of, including addition to or deletion
from, the substance or structure of either the Original Software or Subject
Software, and includes derivative works, as that term is defined in the
Copyright Statute, 17 USC 101. However, the act of including Subject Software
as part of a Larger Work does not in and of itself constitute a Modification.

1.7 "Original Code" means (a) the Source Code of a program or other work as
originally made available by 1Kosmos under this License, including the Source
Code of any updates or upgrades to such programs or works made available by
1Kosmos under this License, and that has been expressly identified by 1Kosmos as
such in the header file(s) of such work; and (b) the object code compiled from
such Source Code and originally made available by 1Kosmos under this License.

1.8 "Personal Use" means use of Covered Code by an individual solely for his
or her personal, private and non-commercial purposes.  An individual's use of
Covered Code in his or her capacity as an officer, employee, member,
independent contractor or agent of a corporation, business or organization
(commercial or non-commercial) does not qualify as Personal Use.

1.9 "Source Code" means the human readable form of a program or other work
that is suitable for making modifications to it, including all modules it
contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to
control compilation and installation of an executable (object code).

1.10 "You" or "Your" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights
under this License.  For legal entities, "You" or "Your" includes any entity
which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, You, where
"control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or
management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership
of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial
ownership of such entity.

2. Permitted Uses; Conditions & Restrictions.Subject to the terms and
conditions of this License, 1Kosmos hereby grants You, effective on the date
You accept this License and download the Original Code, a world-wide,
royalty-free, non-exclusive license, to the extent of 1Kosmos's Applicable
Patent Rights and copyrights covering the Original Code, to do the following:

2.1 You may use, reproduce, display, perform, modify and distribute Original
Code, with or without Modifications, solely for Your internal research and
development and/or Personal Use, provided that in each instance:

(a) You must retain and reproduce in all copies of Original Code the copyright
and other proprietary notices and disclaimers of 1Kosmos as they appear in the
Original Code, and keep intact all notices in the Original Code that refer to
this License; and

(b) You must retain and reproduce a copy of this License with every copy of
Source Code of Covered Code and documentation You distribute, and You may not
offer or impose any terms on such Source Code that alter or restrict this
License or the recipients' rights hereunder, except as permitted under
Section 6.

(c) Whenever reasonably feasible you should include the copy of this License
in a click-wrap format, which requires affirmative acceptance by clicking on
an "I accept" button or similar mechanism.  If a click-wrap format is not
included, you must include a statement that any use (including without
limitation reproduction, modification or distribution) of the Software, and
any other affirmative act that you define, constitutes acceptance of the
License, and instructing the user not to use the Covered Code in any manner if
the user does not accept all of the terms and conditions of the License.

2.2 You may use, reproduce, display, perform, modify and Deploy Covered Code,
provided that in each instance:

(a) You must satisfy all the conditions of Section 2.1 with respect to the
Source Code of the Covered Code;

(b) You must duplicate, to the extent it does not already exist, the notice in
Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code of all Your Modifications, and cause
the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the
files and the date of any change;

(c) You must make Source Code of all Your Deployed Modifications publicly
available under the terms of this License, including the license grants set
forth in Section 3 below, for as long as you Deploy the Covered Code or twelve
(12) months from the date of initial Deployment, whichever is longer.  You
should preferably distribute the Source Code of Your Deployed Modifications
electronically (e.g.  download from a web site);

(d) if You Deploy Covered Code in object code, executable form only, You must
include a prominent notice, in the code itself as well as in related
documentation, stating that Source Code of the Covered Code is available under
the terms of this License with information on how and where to obtain such
Source Code; and

(e) the object code form of the Covered Code may be distributed under Your own
license agreement, provided that such license agreement contains terms no less
protective of 1Kosmos and each Contributor than the terms of this License, and
stating that any provisions which differ from this License are offered by You
alone and not by any other party.

2.3 You expressly acknowledge and agree that although 1Kosmos and each
Contributor grants the licenses to their respective portions of the Covered
Code set forth herein, no assurances are provided by 1Kosmos or any Contributor
that the Covered Code does not infringe the patent or other intellectual
property rights of any other entity.  1Kosmos and each Contributor disclaim any
liability to You for claims brought by any other entity based on infringement
of intellectual property rights or otherwise.  As a condition to exercising
the rights and licenses granted hereunder, You hereby assume sole
responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if
any.  For example, if a third party patent license is required to allow You to
distribute the Covered Code, it is Your responsibility to acquire that license
before distributing the Covered Code.

3. Your Grants.  In consideration of, and as a condition to, the licenses
granted to You under this License, You hereby grant to 1Kosmos and all third
parties a non-exclusive, royalty-free license, under Your Applicable Patent
Rights and other intellectual property rights (other than patent) owned or
controlled by You, to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, distribute and
Deploy Your Modifications of the same scope and extent as 1Kosmos's licenses
under Sections 2.1 and 2.2.

4. Larger Works.  You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with
other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger
Work as a single product.  In each such instance, You must make sure the
requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code or any portion
thereof.

5. Limitations on Patent License.  Except as expressly stated in Section 2, no
other patent rights, express or implied, are granted by 1Kosmos herein.
Modifications and/or Larger Works may require additional patent licenses from
1Kosmos which 1Kosmos may grant in its sole discretion.

6. Additional Terms.  You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for,
warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations and/or other rights
consistent with this License ("Additional Terms") to one or more recipients of
Covered Code.  However, You may do so only on Your own behalf and as Your sole
responsibility, and not on behalf of 1Kosmos or any Contributor.  You must
obtain the recipient's agreement that any such Additional Terms are offered by
You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold 1Kosmos and every
Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by or claims asserted against
1Kosmos or such Contributor by reason of any such Additional Terms.

7. Versions of the License.  1Kosmos may publish revised and/or new versions of
this License from time to time.  Each version will be given a distinguishing
version number.  Once Original Code has been published under a particular
version of this License, You may continue to use it under the terms of that
version.  You may also choose to use such Original Code under the terms of any
subsequent version of this License published by 1Kosmos.  No one other than
1Kosmos has the right to modify the terms applicable to Covered Code created
under this License.

8. NO WARRANTY OR SUPPORT.  The subject software is provided as is without any
warranty of any kind, either expressed, implied, or statutory, including, but
not limited to, any warranty that the subject software will conform to
specifications, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, or freedom from infringement, any warranty that the subject
software will be error free, or any warranty that documentation, if provided,
will conform to the subject software. This agreement does not, in any manner,
constitute an endorsement by government agency or any prior recipient of any
results, resulting designs, hardware, software products or any other
applications resulting from use of the subject software. Further, government
agency disclaims all warranties and liabilities regarding third-party software,
if present in the original software, and distributes it as is.

9. WAIVER and INDEMNITY:.   Recipient agrees to waive any and all claims
against the united states government, its contractors and subcontractors, as
well as any prior recipient. If recipient's use of the subject software results
in any liabilities, demands, damages, expenses or losses arising from such use,
including any damages from products based on, or resulting from, recipient's
use of the subject software, recipient shall indemnify and hold harmless the
united states government, its contractors and subcontractors, as well as any
prior recipient, to the extent permitted by law. Recipient's sole remedy for any
such matter shall be the immediate, unilateral termination of this agreement.

10.  Trademarks.  This License does not grant any rights to use the trademarks
or trade names "1Kosmos" or any other trademarks or trade names belonging to
1Kosmos or to any trademark or trade name belonging to any Contributor.
No 1Kosmos Marks or Contributor Marks may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from the Original Code or Covered Code other than with the
prior written consent of 1Kosmos or the Contributor, as applicable.

11.  Ownership.  Subject to the licenses granted under this License, each
Contributor retains all rights, title and interest in and to any Modifications
made by such Contributor.  1Kosmos retains all rights, title and interest in
and to the Original Code and any Modifications made by or on behalf of 1Kosmos
and such 1Kosmos Modifications will not be choose to license such 1Kosmos
Modifications under this License, or on different terms from those contained in
this License or may choose not to license them at all.

12.  Termination.

12.1 Termination.  Termination: This Agreement and the rights granted hereunder
will terminate automatically if a Recipient fails to comply with these terms and
conditions, and fails to cure such noncompliance within thirty (30) days of
becoming aware of such noncompliance. Upon termination, a Recipient agrees to
immediately cease use and distribution of the Subject Software. All sublicenses
to the Subject Software properly granted by the breaching Recipient shall
survive any such termination of this Agreement.

12.2 Severability: If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or
unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this Agreement.

12.3 Applicable Law: This Agreement shall be subject to United States federal
law only for all purposes, including, but not limited to, determining the
validity of this Agreement, the meaning of its provisions and the rights,
obligations and remedies of the parties.

12.4 Entire Understanding: This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding
and agreement of the parties relating to release of the Subject Software and may
not be superseded, modified or amended except by further written agreement duly
executed by the parties.

12.5 Binding Authority: By accepting and using the Subject Software under this
Agreement, a Recipient affirms its authority to bind the Recipient to all terms
and conditions of this Agreement and that that Recipient hereby agrees to all
terms and conditions herein.

13.  Miscellaneous.

13.1 Government End Users.  The Covered Code is a "commercial item" as defined
in FAR 2.101.  Government software and technical data rights in the Covered
Code include only those rights customarily provided to the public as defined
in this License.  This customary commercial license in technical data and
software is provided in accordance with FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and 12.212
(Computer Software) and, for Department of Defense purchases, DFAR
252.227-7015 (Technical Data -- Commercial Items) and 227.7202-3 (Rights in
Commercial Computer Software or Computer Software Documentation).
Accordingly, all U.S.  Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only
those rights set forth herein.

13.2 Relationship of Parties.  This License will not be construed as creating
an agency, partnership, joint venture or any other form of legal association
between or among you, 1Kosmos or any Contributor, and You will not represent to
the contrary, whether expressly, by implication, appearance or otherwise.

13.3 Independent Development.  Nothing in this License will impair 1Kosmos's or
any Contributor's right to acquire, license, develop, have others develop for
it, market and/or distribute technology or products that perform the same or
similar functions as, or otherwise compete with, Modifications, Larger Works,
technology or products that You may develop, produce, market or distribute.

13.4 Waiver; Construction.  Failure by 1Kosmos or any Contributor to enforce
any provision of this License will not be deemed a waiver of future
enforcement of that or any other provision.  Any law or regulation which
provides that the language of a contract shall be construed against the
drafter will not apply to this License.

13.5 Severability.  (a) If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction
finds any provision of this License, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable,
that provision of the License will be enforced to the maximum extent
permissible so as to effect the economic benefits and intent of the parties,
and the remainder of this License will continue in full force and effect.  (b)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable law prohibits or restricts You
from fully and/or specifically complying with Sections 2 and/or 3 or prevents
the enforceability of either of those Sections, this License will immediately
terminate and You must immediately discontinue any use of the Covered Code and
destroy all copies of it that are in your possession or control.

13.6 Dispute Resolution.  Any litigation or other dispute resolution between
You and 1Kosmos relating to this License shall take place in the Northern
District of California, and You and 1Kosmos hereby consent to the personal
jurisdiction of, and venue in, the state and federal courts within that
District with respect to this License.  The application of the United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly
excluded.

13.7 Entire Agreement; Governing Law.  This License constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  This
License shall be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of
California, except that body of California law concerning conflicts of law.


EXHIBIT A.

"Portions Copyright (c) 1983-2002 1Kosmos, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.

This file contains Original Code and/or Modifications of Original Code as
defined in and that are subject to the 1Kosmos Open Source Public License
version 1.0 (the 'License').  You may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  BY USING THIS FILE YOU AGREE TO ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF
THE LICENSE.  A copy of the License is provided with the Original Code and
Modifications, and is also available at www.1kosmos.com/opensource.

The Original Code and all software distributed under the License are
distributed on an 'AS IS' basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, AND 1KOSMOS AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL SUCH
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.  Please
see the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations
under the License."